before we begin let me start by saying
daniel underprivileged bullied youth
turned overcomer
or brady wimp in need of old man muscle
the stars of our movie today are
johnny from the outsiders and did you
know that he's also
daniel from cobra kai arnold
and johnny from cobra kai
play our story begins with this boy
daniel and his mama moving them from new
jersey to california
i feel sorry for this child already
pants looking like he's waiting for a
flood
causing no cranking hoopty and on the
other end of this long journey cross
country all he's got waiting for him is
some old bat
cray lady and a cement pond full of piss
daniel is 17 years old and he best get
used to it because he's going to be 17
into his late 40s
been here a whole five minutes and
already getting invited to a party by
some guy who's gonna bail on him at the
first sign of trouble
but not before daniel meets this
maintenance man named mr miyagi who
catches flies with chopsticks as a
method for coping with the
aforementioned batsh
cray lady and the cement pond full of
piss which he probably responsible for
cleaning
off to the party with the beach boys and
daniel already checking out the
california girls
meet allie oh brother she bats her
eyelashes and flaunts her bikini clad
flat booty
until daniel can resist no longer
oh here comes the beach blonde lost boys
and they thriller jackets
and here's johnny i can't say i blame
johnny for getting a little pressed
i mean look allie just broke up with
johnny and she already down there
playing with daniel's balls
ball one ball and of course johnny is an
abusive jerk
and daniel tries to defend the honor of
his lady love
but daniel gets pushed around like a
panty waist
because he's a panty waist trying to
bust out the cat claws but he just wind
up a bruise
here's where i think daniel doesn't made
his first mistake you got a mama from
new jersey who seriously looks tougher
than most people's daddies
and you ain't gonna tell her that dumb
somebody be your ass
will somebody be my i'll run straight to
mama
ain't that right mama that's right baby
that's my mama
but no you just cruising on the school
wearing your aviators riding your back
like you think your name
maverick just begging for a beating
can't even play on the soccer team now
but it's boring anyway watch for an hour
nothing [ __ ] happens look away for
two seconds score and some foes on the
ground pretending to die
oh lord he done got into the moving
boxes and dug out his copy of karate for
dumb bits
i wonder how hard it is for mr miyagi to
sit there and not criticize his paw
phone
so daniel finds out that ali is single
and he goes to try and sign up for
karate lessons and there's
johnny so daniel departs like a lonely
douche
running to mama like a good little
chicken later that night they all follow
him and run his ass off the road
then he gets home and he hates his bike
and he wants to go home and he wants to
go home and he hates his bike and he
wants to go home and he hates his bike
and he hates his stupid bike and he
wants to go home
but mr miyagi heals all sees all
and knows all especially when you vent
all your personal team problems right
outside his damn door
buddy you've had your me two times now
and you're still chasing the very booty
that's the source of it all
why are men constant victims to their
glands
well there's blond zilla so instead of
chasing tail daniel just gonna tuck his
and
run but he gets home and finds mr miyagi
done repaired his stupid bite
and they have a little discussion about
bonsai trees and life and geography
so daniel's school is having a dance
that daniel don't want to go to but mr
miyagi with his wisdom be like
i'm starting to feel like you hanging
around my crib is getting a little
creepy
and you need to learn to hang out with
your own peers plus you're getting on my
damn nerves
so get so daniel goes to the dance
dresses a shower and in a sad attempted
revenge he turns the hose
on these hoes get it cause he's a shower
well be my once shame on you be my
three times still shame on you i'm
pretty sure i'm just a wimp
but mr may i get to the rescue and i
don't rightly know why the rise of this
movie thought it was okay for an adult
to beat up some children
but it goes farther than spanx they
little skeletal fantasy
but mr miyagi can't keep coming to plant
a bonsai tree up there so
who messes with daniel because that job
will be 247-365
and he still got to drain that piss pole
so daniel and mr me i could go to the
cobra kai dojo where they both get
threatened by crease to which mr may i
get so humbly replies
daniel gonna enter this here karate
tournament where he will prove that i
am the superior sensei of this stare
down so until then your pretty boys best
keep their bony phalanges off this dumb
bit
something like that so daniel begins his
training by watching mr milga's cousin
he already bitchin
danny boy the lessons are [ __ ] free
just be great for one of his lessons
ain't
show me right to check anyway daniel
finally gets a date with ally and her
home look like some frat house where the
dudes give each other beer animals on
the weekends but no frat boys
just alice track suit wearing parents
and of course the no cranking hoopty
gotta do no cranking hoopty
so the cop putt-putts all the way to
putt-putt or golfing stuff which is
really just a generic putt-putt
and wow look at all these things people
can't do right now
and wouldn't do even if they could
because every two-year-old with thumbs
is like
sorry mama can't play patty cake right
now cause this candy ain't gonna crush
itself
so over the next few days mr miyagi has
daniel do a bunch of chores like sanding
the floor
and painting the fence and polishing his
chalet
and next thing you know
hey don't touch me then daniel tries to
learn balance
and he stinks so he tries to learn
balance again
and he still stinks so then he tries to
go on a date
and he sees johnny making a move on his
woman and he stinks
like garlic but the spaghetti kid didn't
peep the most important part
which was don't know
so daniel goes to wine to mr miyagi but
mr miyagi is doing his own kind of
whining
as in getting plastered tipsy lit
face you see he's celebrating him and
his dead wife's anniversary so he'd
drink it for two
and for those of you who can't
understand what mr miyagi tells daniel
because you don't speak drunk
he says that when he went off to world
war two his wife had labor complications
and passed away
and realizing this old guy has been to
hell and back daniel's like
oh maybe i don't really have that many
problems maybe i'm just a needy selfish
whiny money pissy [ __ ]
then daniel tries to learn balance and
he doesn't really stink but there's
definitely still a slightly unpleasant
odor
okay so daniel won't be 17 until he's
40.
he'll be 18 which in ralph macchio years
is 57.
happy 57th birthday daniel and mr miyagi
give him his own karate gift for his
birthday
with the patch's deceased wife made and
daniel is so happy about it
oh that's not why it's because mr mayor
gave him a call
daniel you're a then daniel and ally
play kissy face
groves oh boy it's tournament time
the day when all the cobra kai's can
resume the daniel demolition
here mr mario proves he's a model
citizen by lying about daniel's belt and
subsequently stealing a belt to
accommodate all that lying
so daniel does his business while this
song plays in the background
minions of hades have you heard the news
kevin was caught playing hooky
go listen to it it's the same then the
bad guys do bad guy things
but daniel gonna get that magical me i
get massage
and of course the final match is daniel
versus johnny because anything else
would be too realistic
so daniel tries to use that kick balance
thingy he learned
and it doesn't stink there were three
hits
daniel hit johnny johnny hit the floor
and the ambulance hit 80.
and then a fourth later that night when
daniel hit that tail him and his one
sad little ball and johnny gives daniel
the trophy and mr miyagi just sit there
like
damn i'm good the end
you know the first time i watched this
movie i was kind of young and thought
that ending was the sh
but now that i'm a little older and a
lot more bitter i'm kind of thinking
daniel should have lost and then mr
miyagi walked up to him and been like
you're not second place you're the first
loser
be sure to like share and subscribe for
your regular kick of meth
you can expect me to upload more videos
oh the next time i have one ready
and i could have them already if i had
more patrons so what you waiting for
muffin
for
i